well he had a public complaint for
cyberbullying this is directed to the police
to the civil guard to the
youtube platform and to the twitter police okay it
turns out that this harassment comes because
a youtuber called frank cuesta who
is also a showman on television has
made a video denying the opinion that I
gave about a video of his that is fake okay
the opinion that I have given in other
videos about his fake video okay for
me it is still fake was totally out of
respect I have not at any time
insulted him or anything like
for example he does calling
other youtubers who are 30
years younger than him sons of [ __ ] and [ __ ] I am receiving
messages like this he has no
creativity kid blocked at zero
I will put it happen before acting like a gossip
ok if I had understood this message I would
respond in fact I think he is
messing with my creativity
when I have not written a word well you
can tell if you are the prototype of u2
normal version if you have the room
of a 10 year old kid having hair on your
balls okay I am an [ __ ] well
the truth is that I am very wrong those that
this one I have nothing to say and if  you speak
well you piece of [ __ ] you are no longer
useless javi why don't you practice pigeon
dedicate yourself to doing something productive scum
like you they are destroying Spain garbage
of productive youtuber but he goes to plant
trees in the field put out fires when
necessary etcetera
human tick trash rat apart from having been
in a brick like that
insulting me he has sent me to plant
trees in the field because I have to go to the
field to plant trees
then he pays from the seed or something not to
use a click byte to report a
supposed fake this guy is really out
of his mind go close this channel
and give another focus to your life close this
channel with which you are living not from what you
eat not from what keeps your house
close it close it because it does not stop is
written to report a fake video
close it a child of 20 and 25 years old that are
children hahaha poor children do
not have the evil that you have he will
not say anything
to frank we will have to see you at
50 years old you are not going to be worth anything not even a
[ __ ] case  frank these are [ __ ] and
some really lazy people well another
comment full of education is not but
what I wanted to emphasize about this
apart from the insults is the fact that a
boy of 20 and 25 years old who was a
comment that has been repeated to me a
lot in the last video is because I
call me you are a girl let's see I am
33 years old and for me a boy of 18 19
20 even 22 for me is surely a child
if for me he is a child for
frank it is difficult that he is 30 years older than
me too he is okay for me he is a
child not his name and she well a girl
how ugly you are damn hahaha by the way what's
wrong with your mouth ha ha ha ha look for
fame you are [ __ ] on par with dallas
javi poor idiot even if he is 50 years old he
still has the same right to
stand in front of a camera to insult
someone you know that of course it is normal
even if he is 50 years old he still has the
right to stand in front of a camera
to insult someone that is in
human rights all  the world no matter how
old they are has the same right
to insult others
frank can do whatever the
[ __ ] you want okay this is okay you can do whatever the
[ __ ] you want if you want to make
a fake video and fool us all let them
do it because you're so disgusting
watch out if I see you on the street this is a
threat your face is so fake
I wish I were half of what you are
take off that atocha thing go on and it's
funny because underneath there's a comment
from pone and I don't think it's crying but
defending yourself from cyberbullying
that a phone number is leaked there
's no difference between javi and jairo
blog this youtuber is not right in the
head it's clear that he didn't expect a
mentally ill
person to apologize makes a mistake and even if it
looks bad and ashamed he swallows his
pride and apologizes but the thing is that I do
n't have to apologize because you feel like it's that
if I don't believe
the video is real I don't have to say it
for you to be happy I
curse your [ __ ] mother what a
blow you have I'll see you around  street
and I'll fix your face hey let's see if I
can stand here really strong by the
entrances continue more it's a fix 32 points
years you're my mother how embarrassing
javier about the dog frank was absolutely
right
watch out he was absolutely right in calling the other two
sons of [ __ ] yes [ __ ] to the other two
how stupid you are kid this is how it goes for you in
andalusia a shitty p&p '
black economy' be more humble go on you
disgust me javi apologize and close the os
chico because of you and the other
[ __ ] you have taken
frank's channel to the dogs you are shameful
ask for forgiveness you dry piece of [ __ ] with
dawn syndrome andalusian I don't know what
's worse here xenophobia or
arrogant ableism javi or living [ __ ] it seems
that your fame has gotten to you that
she's 50 and calls her a son of a
[ __ ] she didn't do it I didn't do it it's that you
put it in her face and she
didn't do it you're a clown you don't
even know how to talk ask for forgiveness
stupid is the video real dumb less  You're
ashamed javi oliveiras you
talk a lot and with pure conscience you seem
[ __ ] man I thought you were thinking but
you're a piece of [ __ ] stop with the
nonsense and honey you
look like a 5 year old explaining
something about the values that this man has and
what he does compared to the sectur uff
what a piece of [ __ ]
you are what an [ __ ] you now suck Dallas's
balls and cough [ __ ] olivier da
just like balls a lot in fact
one two three four five six seven eight
nine and ten videos this month
throwing [ __ ] at Dallas and because on
one occasion I agree that I eat
balls that is the double standard that you
have [ __ ] I hope it costs you to swallow
the nougat that you buy with the money you have
earned by putting five ads in
this garbage video what a character you
are the problem with this guy Javier is
that he is stupid but more stupid am those who
feed this channel I mean how
javi gives an opinion that is not the
same as mine the problem he
has is that he is stupid and you are also
stupid for watching his videos it is that you piece
of  [ __ ] don't you see that by hitting the
cameraman he no longer has the stick and he's a
normal [ __ ] brat who doesn't jump on his
neck, he seems like he's an idiot, son of a
[ __ ], [ __ ] [ __ ] you're only looking for fame you
're slandering and I commented your ass you pieces of
[ __ ] well I think there's no
need
in the comments if you want to
entertain us and see things like this go to the
last video I uploaded okay giving my
response to Frank Cuesta's video where he
demanded an apology okay because I
said that if Frank proved that the
video was fake I would apologize
for having given my opinion trying to give the
reasons that his video was Facebook I
think that at no time did I
disrespect Frank Cuesta not in any of
these videos in fact I have had more
respect than he has had for many
other people and these comments can not
only be verified in
any of the videos I have made to
Frank but you also have them
on my Twitter account today he posted a
tweet that was Frank Cuesta
I don't have time to be fighting
with people the salsa singer and this
amendment that's a phrase  from his video I
have time to be fighting then
this [ __ ] the salsero until and all
this story and then I remind them
natalia fairview risto mejide ale jibaja
el prncipe felipe
rafa nadal jordi wild mediaset ana rosa
quintana francisco level of the review
etcetera okay so a tweet does
n't have time to be fighting with
people and every week or every month he has a
couple of conflicts on the internet okay well pay
attention to what people tell me they
don't refer to youtube javi I
will do dallas and jordi wild you are making
yourself look bad I mean at what
moment like he refers to how he
refers to youtube at what moment he
filters he says I don't have time to
be fighting with people since he
has time to fight with people
I hope it's not on youtube and also
all these cases all these cases and
many others
I found out about youtube because he
uploaded it to his channel so what the
[ __ ] men are you talking about and why are you
looking for shitty excuses for everyone the
only thing I'm missing is that  I would have
put another one no, besides it
only refers to those who are dark-skinned okay, to
the blondes I don't know I'll do it it was a
3 second insult I don't think he
was offended you son of a [ __ ] [ __ ] there [ __ ]
come on how is he going to be offended by that
if the insult only lasts 3 seconds
and with Jordi they already made up so
practically only the iata is this
kid has done
and at the end of all these that I had
said only dallas de sant
this is really regrettable the things
you do it depends on what happens and it depends on
who it happens to how you look for
justification grasping at a
burning nail if necessary and a
very clear example of this is what just
happened with the crazy person who has been
accused it has not been proven
apparently that it is true that he has been
flirting through private messages with
underage girls well people instead
of condemning him and beating him up
for what he has done are applauding him
and telling him nice things and that he has
very big balls because of the fact  have
recognized it, meaning that they are
applauding him gentlemen please, he is an
example to follow,
Frank Cuesta is a [ __ ] hypocrite
and he is being a crybaby, I do not see it normal
that a guy just goes and deletes the channels
because we do not recognize that the video is not from Facebook,
let's see, to this day he
has not proven anything, he has already done
like three videos to Dallas and in none of the
three does he say anything to him, in none of the three he
says anything to him in the last video they
tell me to apologize because the video is
real and he grabs me and puts a
video that is exactly the same but
longer, in other words, the same but without having
cut what he imposed when there he
is already lying, not to our faces
because he said that the original video
lasted 16 and 23 or 28 minutes and he goes and
deletes the YouTube channel that he has not
deleted it, okay, what he has done is
make private a few
videos and his Twitter account that
I can tell you that in less than 30 days he
will reactivate it, okay because when  you
deactivate your twitter account you have 30
days to return objectives look at one of
two or prove that the video is real which I do
n't know how it could be proven I think there would be
many ways like for example
showing you the recording of the camera that you
supposedly have in your glasses in which
your friend's medical report is filled out which I don't
know if it will be falsifiable or if it is not
true man well yes look at the video if it is
a montage but it is a recreation of
other things that have happened to me
throughout history with this
thing not of the animals and that's it to
frank with all the respect in the world well
look what is not normal is that you make
a video half crying on youtube very
super pathetic not saying that this
video has directed youtube and the
police okay when then your fans are
doing the same as the fans of the
others not the save me from youtube of worthy
you have never seen a fight in your life if
you want we get in a ring with
protection and supervision all legal I
weigh so you see that it's a fight once you get
out of your room let's see kid I'll get out
of my room
okay once I finish
work safe okay I  Don't worry,
in 33 years that I have, I know what a
fight is, okay, I wasn't raised in this
room, I'm telling you, you don't know me
at all, but this, this thing of challenging me to a
fight in a ring, all legal, then when
the skin is on, he does it, we laugh, and with
this I don't want to blame Frank
Cuesta for what his followers do,
okay, his defenders because because in the
previous video I said it, we are not
responsible for what our
fans do, that is something we should try to instill in them
and this is what you instill in your
followers, Frank, don't make a video
crying to the police and to YouTube
saying that the thing that they
went to your family serves you, look through
Frank's message on a big list, my wife is
good, can you tell your husband to
stop messing with Frank Cuesta, he is
laughing at his job and the poor man does
n't deserve it, thank you very much, in other words, he goes
to my wife's Instagram to put
[ __ ] on her, so she doesn't criticize Frank for the
hypocrisy and the double standards that
the public has, no, how incredible it is that I
really tell you again from
here, Frank Cuesta and  I apologize if
at any time in these videos I
offended you I have said something don't be offended it
was not my intention in fact as I
said I do not consider him to be any fool
worth the 12 or that he is any fool in
fact he believes himself to be a guy with quite a bit of
culture and with a very extensive career
but that video seems totally fake to me
ok I can't admit that it's
true or apologize for that
because I'm not totally sure okay
if I didn't do that
and I'm doing it to look good in front of people
and I don't have the need okay I always
say what I think okay if at some
point it is proven that the video is
real if you need a
real apology but to the people who follow us what I
want to ask is please don't
be so fanatic okay none
of us who are here are your
relatives and surely we would not do the
same for you okay we appreciate you
very much we love you very much but what
you do is crossing the line okay at the
end of the day you have to be here supporting us
following our content but without
disrespecting us as if they were not
murdering or whatever not in such a
brutal way like  I just showed you in the
comments
and frank really it seems like a tantrum
of a little boy to me that they delete your
social networks and that worse is the
youtube channel the only thing you can achieve
with that is that you take iron blogs and summarize
your videos that here seeing how the
piece of pork has uploaded on the
secondary channel, the one that has to upload
content from others, the video that he
deleted with more than half a million
visits to his ads and monetti
because taking it without a photo see and
impersonate you, that is the only thing you are going to
achieve frank costs and hurt
the people who like your videos
because there are many people who, as we are
seeing, follow you unconditionally and
want to be entertained with your videos,
we are not going to get anywhere with this, worth more
than this sauce or dedicate yourself to your own thing
or if you want to prove that the real video
or if you want to explain why you made
the fake, there the thing stays gentlemen please
this is for fun nothing more